Previously on Sons of Anarchy:
Trying this in the court
of public opinion, counselor?
I have no control of
what the press gets a hold of
or how they spin it.
Right.
Giving up
the Sons of Anarchy
is going to be a very popular
"get out of jail free" card.
What are you doing with Lowen?
You divorcing Jax?
Planning on
some kind of custody coup?
What I do with my family
is not your business.
Bitch!
Aah!
GEMMA: Jesus!
UNSER: What the hell?
My baby. Look what you did.
I didn't do that.
Yes, you did. We all saw it.
Take her out of here.
TARA:
What are you gonna do
about Gemma?
Restraining order keeps her away
from you and the boys.
It breaks my heart you had
to become something so wrong
to do what
you thought was right.
I did it to protect
my kids, Wayne.
I can't help you no more.
Need anything, friend?
Yeah, maybe.
I think you'll like this one.
It gets real good
around page 47.
JAX:
What's going on?
Patterson took me in her office.
About the headline?
She's pressuring me. Threatening
to bring in the sheriffs.
Steps on everybody's game.
I'm ready to give up
the source of the KG9.
It wasn't Teller
who supplied the gun.
It was me. I'm responsible
for the death of those children.
If you cared about these kids,
you'd tell me the whole truth.
Where you going with this?
I ain't saying a word
without my lawyer.
You don't need a lawyer.
Toric killed Erin Byrne.
He's free to go.
JAX:
Do you ever regret it?
Coming back?
A lot of things
I'd do differently.
I just feel so far away
from you now.
Please let me back in.
[♪♪♪]
[BABY CRYING]
[SIGHS]
[CROW CAWS]
Morning.
Mmm.
I'm so glad you're home.
Me too.
I'll make you some coffee.
[CROW CAWS]
Thank you.
Hopefully we didn't make
the front page today.
Nope.
Doesn't look like it.
Guess my 15 minutes
are up.
I got my own headline
you need to hear.
Didn't wanna tell you
last night,
step on the homecoming.
Frontpage type stuff?
What's going on?
It's me and Tara.
Shit happened.
You sure you wanna tell me
all this?
Yeah. I do.
The reason Clay wasn't killed
inside is because we need him.
The Irish want him to be point
for guns here in Cali.
They're gonna take down
his transport next week,
bust him out.
Jesus Christ.
Wow.
Yeah, I know.
That's some
crazyass shit, mama.
Can you prove
any of it?
Wendy was in on it with Tara.
Guilt got to her.
I think she'll back me up.
You're talking about a father
trying to wrap his brain
around some seriously
heinous betrayal
by the woman he loves,
the mother of his son.
I think you might need more
than the word of a junkie.
Especially
a junkie he hates.
I don't think you should tell me
anything else.
JAX:
I know you're doing
what you gotta do.
Putting distance between us.
I get it.
I spent all night
trying to figure out
how to help you
with these charges, Tara.
You can't.
Yeah.
But I can keep my promise
as a husband.
To be honest,
which I haven't.
I've been trying to protect you
from everything,
which clearly hasn't worked.
At all.
Oh, I know
you're trying, mama. Yeah.
The struggle
I'm having with this shit,
that ain't your burden.
Thanks for not doubting me.
Or for at least not showing me
that you do.
You got
some heavy secrets, Gem.
I see them.
I see the weight of them,
how they drain the joy from you.
But your babies,
I know that you'd never
spin the truth about that.
I love you.
Me too.
You know,
since you got out of Stockton,
you haven't been able to say
"I love you."
I know that must be hard
for you.
I'm sorry,
I'll stop telling you.
Just know it's what I feel.
[SIGHS]
[CURTIS STIGERS & THE FOREST
RANGERS' "THIS LIFE" PLAYING]
♪ Riding through this world
All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul
You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight
A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's path
Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life
In the eye ♪
PATTERSON:
Good morning.
I need to update you,
lieutenant.
Yes, ma'am. Here we are.
I understand Padilla
was released last night.
That's right.
What happened
to her hair?
Sister be doing it
with the real flow.
I don't know
what that means.
I heard about what happened
to the victim's father.
Suicide in Stockton.
Not from the papers. I spoke
to Alexander at Division Street.
Oh.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, it's very sad.
I guess a part of me
is grateful
that something can still
surprise me in this job.
Makes me not completely
made of stone.
Yet.
[SIREN IN BACKGROUND]
I'm giving you
three extra units.
I want 24/7 surveillance
on Jax Teller.
You think that's really
the best use of our resources?
Ma'am, I know these guys.
After those headlines,
they'll go total Boy Scout.
Won't risk any business.
It's about consistency
and patience.
The minute we ease up,
turn our backs,
look the other way,
that's the minute
we allow
another tragedy to happen.
You don't have a problem
stepping hard on these guys,
do you, lieutenant?
No. I don't.
Good.
Surveillance begins
immediately.
You'll have backup
within the hour.
[HUMMING IN KAZOO]
Looking clean, Chucky.
[THROUGH KAZOO]:
Thank you.
That's why you're a freak.
Hey. Welcome back, my brother.
Thank you.
Hey, boss.
How'd the Irish sales pitch go?
Good, man.
Connected with
most of our buyers.
They still wanna talk to Clay,
but they seemed open to change.
They get why
we're stepping away.
Good.
Couldn't get a sitdown
with the Italians.
Don't think the personnel change
is gonna land well with them.
Irish are setting it up.
They got someone inside
that's gonna get a phone
to Clay.
Have him reach out.
Lock down all our buyers.
Right.
We follow up with everyone
after they talk to Clay.
Aye.
[DOOR CHIMES]
Morning.
Sorry to interrupt.
Wow.
You didn't die yet?
A little every day.
[LAUGHTER]
It's good to see you, chief.
Yeah, you too, Bobby.
What do you need, capitán?
Just a minute of your time
there, pres.
Yeah, okay.
CHIBS:
Really? Excuse us.
Gentlemen.
I'll see you upstairs.
All right.
After you, gentlemen.
JAX: Can I get you some coffee?
You got any beer
back there?
Miller Time already?
Breakfast of terminally-ill
champions.
Sit down.
[COUNTRY MUSIC PLAYING
INDISTINCTLY OVER SPEAKERS]
Hey, I want you to know,
Tara told me
how good you've been
with her and the boys.
With all this shit going on,
haven't had a chance
to say thank you, but
appreciate you looking out, man.
Ah. It's no problem.
You got a real nice family
there, son.
Yeah. Some of them.
Right.
I know it probably ain't
none of my business,
but I know your mom
longer than anybody.
We used to dine and dash
this place when we were kids.
Yeah, me too.
Look, I know you care
about my mom, Wayne.
[LOUD BANGING]
It's not just that, son.
Jesus Christ.
UNSER:
What the hell?
JAX:
Hey! What the hell
are you doing?
UNSER:
Whoa, whoa.
UNSER: What the hell?
Hey!
[KAZOO BLOWS DEPRESSED NOTE]
UNSER: Holy shit.
Hey!
Hey.
Let go of me!
Who are you?
Hey. Why'd you do that?
Rape! Rape!
Seriously?
Let go of me. Get off of me.
All right, all right!
MAN 1:
What was that all about?
MAN 2:
Take your guns
and your loud bikes and just go.
WOMAN 1:
You all need to get out of here.
WOMAN 2: Know that girl?
WOMAN 3: Never seen her.
Welcome.
Thanks.
Thanks for coming. Thank you.
Welcome. Come on in.
Thank you, guys.
How you doing?
Welcome.
Welcome. Welcome.
Hey, Father.
Good to see you. Good.
Come on in. Good.
FATHER:
I'd like to thank you all,
gentlemen, for coming today.
You made the right choice.
Today's reading is from John
8:32 on the power of truth.
If you would all now please
open your Bibles.
It was Gary Putner's kid.
She's been in and out of juvie
and rehab since she was 12.
Got a few problems.
Yeah, and she's working them out
with a pipe wrench.
[COUNTRY MUSIC PLAYING
INDISTINCTLY OVER SPEAKERS]
Why my bike?
I mean, really.
Do all teenage girls
just hate me?
Yes.
Yep.
[LAUGHTER]
Oh...
Yeah.
We know this Putner guy?
Clay might have.
He was a journeyman mechanic
before he went to work
for Oswald.
He's an equipment foreman
at the mill.
BOBBY:
Yeah, but we never had a beef
with the guy.
Not that I can remember.
No mother?
She was killed.
Car accident.
Highway 18,
just after the kid was born.
That might be the connection.
It was the pileup caused
by the tractor trailer.
Jackknifed
after it hit your dad.
So she blames us
for her mother's death?
Eighteen years later?
I don't know.
People grieve in strange ways.
[VEHICLE ARRIVES]
JUICE:
Oh, shit.
TIG:
Think they're here
because of the girl?
UNSER:
Want me to go find out?
No. I got it.
Morning.
Yeah.
What happened there?
I don't know.
Clearly, someone
doesn't like ice cream.
Extremely
lactose-intolerant, huh?
That's right.
Guessing you're not here
about my broken window.
No, I'm not.
You're gonna have a shadow
for a little while.
It's not my call.
Patterson?
She's looking
for the gun source,
and she only has one suspect
on her list.
Okay.
This tail is gonna happen.
Let's not make it ugly,
all right?
No, I get it.
All right.
Fellas.
CHIBS:
Shit.
Our new tail.
This is bad, Jackie.
We have a very, very busy week
ahead of us.
I know.
We need to finish
that conversation.
We will.
All right. It's Barosky.
Says it's urgent.
Well, he's gonna have
to come to us.
Diosa.
You heard him?
All right.
Keep me updated on Clay.
You and Juice find the girl.
You got it.
You and me.
Let's go see Dirty Charlie.
Hap, come with us.
Salaried income has been shifted
into a new account.
Good.
What about the cash?
Safety deposit box
is in both your names.
The cash is his.
It's about getting away,
not cleaning him out.
Here's a list
of character witnesses.
Anyone else
you can think of?
It's a short list.
No, it's fine.
I looked over
your medical documentation.
Positive pregnancy, ultrasounds,
doctors' signatures.
All expedited
by Margaret Murphy.
Using false medical records
to substantiate a custody hold
is a felony.
I know that.
We're two weeks away from
standing in front of a jury.
If there's any more drama
you've got planned,
I need to know now.
You know everything.
"So Jesus said to the Jews
who believed him:
'If you abide in my word,
you are truly my disciples.
You will know the truth,
and this truth
will set you free.'"
See, John, he ain't talking
about your truth or my truth.
He's talking about God's truth.
MAN: Amen.
As mortal men, we can't know
real truth. And why?
Is it because we are liars?
Is it because we are
evil or untrustworthy? No.
We have the truth of man
because we were born
with the sin of man.
It is sin, my brothers,
that keep us from knowing
God and his truth.
Sin. Those dirty glasses
that we all wear.
It is what makes
everything we say,
everything we do,
self-motivated.
So how do we get to know
God and his truth?
How do we see beyond
our own selfish desires?
How do we set ourselves free?
Jesus.
CLAY: Amen, Jesus.
Amen, Jesus.
[CHUCKLES]
Let me get something
straight, Rev.
Some Jew gets nailed
to a cross, like...
I don't know, a thousand and
who-gives-a-shit years ago.
And he's gonna be
the magic pill
that pulls all of us scumbags
to happiness and freedom?
Yes, it will, my brother.
Heh. Wow.
Wow!
You know what God gave me,
brother?
You know what sets me free?
Pussy.
[LAUGHTER]
Sweet, holy pussy.
You see, God, he put man on
this planet for three reasons.
Eating, fighting
and tearing up tight, wet pussy.
GUARD: That's enough, inmate.
That, that is what cleans
my dark glasses, my brother.
Shut up and sit down, Morrow.
I can't sit.
I got the Lord in me.
He wants me up.
He wants me preaching!
He wants me
to spread the gospel.
Pussy, the healer.
MAN: Amen.
Pussy, the redeemer.
Can I get an amen for pussy?
Let's go.
You're out of here, asshole.
[GUARD SCREAMING]
I "nose" the truth, now,
brother. I'm free.
Sweet pussy has set me free.
GUARD: On the ground!
[LAUGHING]
[MUSIC PLAYING INDISTINCTLY
OVER SPEAKERS]
Hey.
I'm glad you're back, brother.
Thanks, hermano.
Good to see you.
We knew it was all bullshit.
Yeah, you know,
justice prevails, right?
We need to catch up before
Barosky comes over here
and ruins our day.
Family thing.
Yeah. Sure.
I'm hoping it's your family
you need to talk about.
Gemma is my family now,
hermano.
Well, that's good,
because I'm about done with her.
Yeah, yeah,
I'm seeing that.
Look, I...
I know
how bad this feels,
but I think
you should go back,
take another look
at what happened.
Find the truth in all of this.
I already know the truth.
Nero. What?
You think my wife
is a liar?
Whoa, I'm just saying it's
a lot more complicated, bro--
Look, I get it.
You're in love with my mom,
you're staying in her corner.
That's your choice.
But if we're gonna keep
doing business together,
the shit that went down
between me and my family
is off-limits.
Do you understand?
This conversation doesn't
happen again. With anyone.
Jax--
HAPPY: Boss.
Charlie and the MILF madam
are here.
Fine.
Let's go, partner.
I see you met Bobby.
Yes.
Glad you brought the think tank.
We may need him. You pull bail?
They had nothing.
Had to let me go.
Good for you. While you were
getting freed up,
I was getting shut down.
Health violations,
compliments of
our district attorney.
I thought
you were gonna use
the victim's dad FUBAR
as leverage.
This pitch bitch
is coming at us sideways,
and I can't prove she had
anything to do with that.
We didn't make the escort rating
either. Denied.
Unspecified reasons.
No Diosa Del Sur.
Goddamn.
She wants you
for that school shooting, man,
and she'll continue to strangle
everybody in bed with you.
Listen, kid, I ain't no rat,
but I ain't no martyr either.
I'll figure it out.
How, Jax?
NERO:
Look, Patterson, she's
desperate. She got nothing.
She's gonna move off
of all this shit.
We've just got to wait it out.
No. You gotta wait.
Out of Stockton.
I'm sorry, but I can't
take the hit. I got to eject.
Say so long to Handsome Jack
and the biker brigade.
Come on, Charlie,
Nero's right.
This is exactly
what Patterson wants,
to hurt us
because she's got no case.
I know, kid,
but right now
it's what I want too.
Now, look, I'm sorry.
Things change, you let me know.
Let's go.
I didn't know
he was gonna be here.
Mama, maybe we should go--
No, don't bother.
I'm leaving.
Just don't send him
to do your dirty work.
Nobody sent me
to do anything.
I was just trying to help.
Don't take it out on him.
Yeah, well, I think
he knows better now.
Too bad you don't.
You have any idea what he just
did for you and the club?
Gem. Gem.
No, no, no.
He needs to know.
What?
DA wanted him
to give you up.
He wouldn't,
but he also knew that that bitch
would keep coming.
So he gave himself up
as the gun source.
Is that true?
Hey, you know, it didn't matter.
By the time I was gonna make
this deal, my lawyer found out
the sheriffs had pulled evidence
from Toric's hotel room.
Proved that he was the one
that killed Erin.
So Patterson,
she had to let me go.
I didn't realize she was
bending you like that.
Yeah, well...
she ain't gonna stop
until she draws blood, man.
JAX:
Yeah.
Come on, babe.
You all right?
No, not really.
Nero's right.
Patterson ain't gonna stop.
Call everyone.
Chapel.
We need to take a vote.
TIG:
Hey.
We got an address
for Putner, man.
It's actually a few blocks
from here. Willow Gulch.
All right, let's go.
All right. All right, come on.
You Putner?
Yeah.
Jax Teller.
I'm looking for your kid.
Me too.
Heard about what happened.
You the one who chased her?
Yeah.
I didn't hurt her.
I just want some answers.
I get that. Come on in.
Brooke's got some stuff.
Anxiety. Bipolar.
Her mom had it too.
Do you know who I am?
Yeah.
Is that why she attacked us,
do you think?
Because of my dad?
Been a rough week.
I lost the house.
We've been packing shit up.
Came across a lot of photos
of her mom.
Found the newspaper article
about her death.
First time
she realized your dad
caused the pileup
that killed her mom.
I guess in her messy little
brain, she blames you guys.
I'm sorry.
No, I get it.
That your wife?
Yeah.
Me and Emily.
Why?
She looks familiar.
I know.
Happens to me too.
I see her a lot
in other people.
So you got any idea
where your kid might be?
I don't know. But she always
comes home, though.
And I'll talk to her
and straighten this out.
Yeah, okay.
We'll pay for the damage.
No, don't worry about that.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Here you go.
Hey, take that.
Ready?
Awesome. Thank you.
Sweetie. I'll see you later.
You looking for Jax?
No.
I was hoping
I could talk to you.
Sure.
Is that
for his birth defect?
Yeah.
Heart arrhythmia.
Doesn't seem to slow him down.
No. It doesn't.
How are you feeling?
Fine.
I'm assuming you're not just
here to check on
the health of my family.
Actually, I am.
Emotional health.
Well, we're all
getting through it.
Not everyone.
Doc, you know,
you don't strike me
as being a malicious
kind of person.
I'm sure whatever it was that
happened between you and Gemma,
you did
what you thought was right.
Gemma attacked me.
Caused a miscarriage.
Right, right.
I guess
I'm asking if you could
take another look
at what's been done.
The rip it's causing
in your family.
You don't get to weigh in
on my family.
You don't know me.
No, I don't,
but I do know Gemma.
And so do you.
She's not gonna lay down
for this.
Maybe we could find some kind
of middle ground here,
because if not, this is not
gonna end up well for anyone.
Including you.
You see what happens
to the men she's with.
One husband dead,
another in jail.
Well, you know,
that's the life.
No, it's the wife.
She killed John Teller.
Probably would've done
the same to Clay.
You want it to end well?
I suggest you get out now
before you end up dead too.
Is he the one that flipped out
in the chapel?
Yeah, doc. He's calm now.
Secure.
Okay. I got it.
Go help Nance in six.
Tanner had another episode.
Shit. Yeah, okay.
You Morrow?
Yeah.
You got 40 minutes
till the next rotation.
You get caught, you give me up,
I'll pull you in here,
strap you down,
fry your brain
with a triple dose of Thorazine.
And what part
of the Hippocratic Oath is that?
The same part that says
your Mick friends
don't pay enough for me
to take a fall.
Ms. Murphy?
From Dr. Knowles,
10 minutes ago.
Thank you.
Tara?
[GASPS]
She went home.
I can have security here
in an instant.
No need.
I debated how to do this.
The way I feel,
what you did to me,
I could squeeze the swallow
out of that pale white throat.
But that would just
give you
a greater sense
of righteousness.
So let me tell you
what's gonna happen now.
I'm gonna take
those medical records
documenting Tara's pregnancy
and her miscarriage,
and I'll present them
to the hospital board.
Let them know that
their neo-natal administrator
is a bit of a grifter.
It would be my word
against yours.
That's all I needed to know.
Thanks, Red.
What does that mean?
It means
if the pregnancy was legit,
you would've told me
that those documents were real
and called me crazy.
You can't prove anything.
Oh, I don't need to prove it.
I just needed a more reliable
source than a junkie
to share with my son.
He's gonna be the one
to prove it.
And when he does...
I'll tell you
right now, Red,
there won't be enough security
in this state to keep you safe.
Yea.
Proxied West and Montez,
they're a yea.
Yea.
All right.
I'll go make the offer.
Send him in.
Have a seat.
I must say,
I'm rather surprised to see you
sitting across from me.
No more surprised than I am.
So why are you here?
Sons of Anarchy was started
by my father, John Teller.
He always wanted
a legitimate club.
Died pursuing that.
I'm not in a mood
for a history lesson.
Would you get to it,
Mr. Teller?
I'm here to make you an offer.
To make me...?
[LAUGHING]:
Wow.
You really have
some balls, kid.
I also have an Irishman
who sells KG9's.
IRA?
Real IRA.
Current kings of
the Irish Catholic revolution.
So, what are you
offering?
Galen O'Shay.
You can check with the feds.
He's a big win.
I will deliver him
with a shipment of guns.
Open and shut.
And when and how
would you deliver this big win?
It'll happen
in the next 10 days.
The how is my job.
That's a very bold
proposition.
So why don't you tell me
what's in it for you?
Immunity.
For the MC
for all gun charges.
Past and present.
I want a legitimate club.
That can't happen
while people try to crush us
ruining all of our business
relationships.
Let us breathe in Stockton.
We won't break the law,
and the violence stops.
That's it?
If you thought you could
deliver the IRA, then I figure
you would, at least,
also have a personal request.
I do.
You need to look
at Tara's case again.
Toric was the one connecting
the dots that didn't exist.
Tara had no idea what Otto
was gonna do to that nurse.
We both know that.
What I know and what I can prove
rarely come together.
So...
I'm supposed to expedite
all of these things
on good faith?
Just assume it's all real?
You don't need faith.
Just have everything
ready to go
and give us the space
to put it in motion.
If the Irish think
we're being tailed,
this whole thing implodes.
I'll tell you where to find
Galen and the guns.
And you and your crew?
You just skate away without
so much as a slap on the wrist?
You can slap my wrists
until they're bloody, lady.
I don't give a shit.
I'm giving you a win
well above your pay grade.
You get your devil,
and you punch your ticket
out of this cesspool.
So let's not get too lost
in righteousness.
I'm the scumbag outlaw,
and you're
the pillar of justice.
And neither one of us
likes looking at ourselves
in the mirror.
Do we have a deal?
If I don't hear from you
within 10 days...
I will spend the last
seven months in this office
making your life
as miserable as the law allows.
And your wife...
she will be in jail until your
boys graduate from high school.
Okay.
[DOOR OPENS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
I think Myers sold the old ones
to United.
Bought new credit
for the long haul.
We'll check messages.
All right.
Uncle T, you got the key?
I got it.
Right here.
Wanna buy it?
We're having a fire sale.
Shit.
You're lucky no one was hurt.
Yeah.
What are you gonna do?
Waiting for the insurance
to come up with a number.
Apparently we didn't have
C4 coverage.
What do you need?
We're done with
your lumber warehouse.
We're moving out of guns.
Better late than never,
I guess.
That it?
No.
There's a guy that works for you
at the mill. Gary Putner.
Yeah. Good worker.
What about him?
He's losing his house.
He's got a single income,
a kid with some problems.
I'd like it
if you could help him.
I'm his employer,
not his fairy godmother.
Come on, Oswald,
you've got a credit union
and a loan company.
Don't let the guy
lose his home.
I'd help him,
but we're tapped.
Why is this
so important to you?
I don't know.
Hey, I'll owe you one.
I am throwing my hat in
for mayor.
Hale's done.
I may need some favors.
Whatever you need.
I'll be in touch.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
Hey.
What?
Baby, calm down.
Thanks.
No problem.
You got 40 minutes.
GUARD:
We know the drill.
Let the therapy begin.
Sermon's over,
shithead.
[GRUNTING]
MAN:
How about that one?
That's the best.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Hey, man.
Jax needs you in the kitchen.
What's up?
Update on the DA.
GIRL:
I got it. It's okay.
♪ Yet you're so vain, love ♪
I talked to Tara.
I told you
my family is off-limits.
I just wanted
to hear her side.
Is that why you called her
a liar?
What?
I didn't call her no--
You said she was
a manipulative bitch!
If she told you that,
well, then I guess she is.
All right, come on.
[GRUNTING AND CRASHING]
You don't wanna go back there
right now, ma'am.
Look, they're gonna
hurt each other because of me.
Come on, break it up.
Hap, please.
Let's go.
Jax. Jax, come on, break it up.
Stop it! Stop it!
Jackson!
Come on.
Oh, Jesus.
I'm sorry, mama. I didn't
want it to happen like this.
Don't be sorry.
She's the reason we're trying
to kill each other.
Man, you got no idea
what's she's done for you.
I know everything
I need to know, Nero!
Oh, yeah? What about the little
conjugal with Clay?
Don't.
No, no, no, mama!
You told him what I did.
Now he needs to know...
He needs to know
what you've done for him.
So, what happened with Clay?
The guards from the cell.
NERO:
They forced your mother
to have sex with Clay
while they watched.
While they got off.
GEMMA:
It doesn't matter.
It's done.
No, Mom.
I just talked to Margaret,
who confirmed
what you refuse to believe.
Honey, it was all a lie.
The pregnancy, the miscarriage.
Tara wants out, Jax.
You, the club, Charming.
She's filing for divorce,
and she's gonna take
your boys away from you.
From all of us.
And honey, I'm sorry.
I love her too.
But this is the truth.
And if she's not gonna
tell you...
you need to find someone
who will.
Thanks for coming.
Yeah. It sounded important.
It is.
It's about Tara
and the kids.
Here, come this way, please.
Come on.
UNSER:
Just have a seat.
I'll be right back.
Sit down.
I don't wanna have
to hurt you, Lowen.
I need to ask you
some questions.
Please don't do this.
Is Tara divorcing me?
Answer me!
Yes.
And taking my sons?
The pregnancy?
I didn't--
Was it...?
Was it a lie?
Yes, I think so.
Why?
Custody waiver,
so Gemma couldn't take the boys.
Please don't hurt me.
Get out.
Tara was just trying--
Get out!
You get what you needed?
Yeah.
You made me a promise, son.
Nobody gets hurt.
Yeah.
[LINE RINGING]
[RINGING]
Hello?
ALLY: Tara...
It's Ally Lowen.
Why'd you go to Tara?
It's not what I wanted.
I don't know.
I thought maybe
if she knew
all the damage
that was being done...
Yeah, I guess that backfired.
Yeah.
She had some things to say
about you.
I'm sure she did.
About John.
What did she tell you?
That you killed him.
Any truth to that?
John was trying to get the club
out of guns.
It was as tense then
as it is now.
He was making trips
back and forth to Belfast
trying to make it right
with the Irish.
He fell in love with someone.
Maureen Ashby.
Brother was a priest,
friend of John's...
helping broker a peaceful
transition with the IRA.
I found out.
Started spending time
with Clay.
My Thomas died when John
was away on one of those trips.
And I wasn't kind
when he got home.
The pain and anger
of losing my baby,
I made sure it landed on him.
He came undone after that.
Talks with the IRA fell apart.
Clay and McGee
put them back together again.
In the other direction.
Solidified the gun trade
for the club.
Made them players.
But J.T...
he started writing
in this journal,
a manuscript.
It was a bleeding confession,
questioning all his choices,
regretting everything
he'd ever done in Samcro.
He stopped caring
about the club.
About his family.
And it was
a dangerous time here.
Mayan war.
The feds infiltrating MC's.
Everyone was scared.
J.T. was a weak link.
You didn't answer
my question.
I didn't kill him.
But I knew it had to be done.
The same way you knew
it had to be done with Arcadio.
We live and die
by that code.
I know it now,
and I knew it then.
And I did not hide my opinion
from the man
I'd fallen in love with.
I gave my blessing
for Clay to kill John Teller.
I've never told that to anyone.
Including my son.
Jesus Christ, Jackie.
You okay?
I'm all right.
Your little girlfriend's here,
wants to talk.
JAX:
The girl with the wrench?
Yeah, she hasn't said much
except that
she needed to see you.
Let me talk to her alone.
She ain't packing.
Yo.
All right, get up. Upstairs.
CHIBS:
You too, Mr. Kazoo.
[KAZOO PLAYING]
Guy with the kazoo's
pretty interesting.
We found him in a basket
on our doorstep.
What happened?
Got hit with a pipe wrench.
I'm sorry...
about the window and the bike.
I talked to your dad.
I know.
I'm not really sure
what happened.
I mean, I found the article,
and I knew you guys
moved in here.
You know,
I've got some shit going on,
you know, in my head.
We all do.
My dad...
My dad said
you talked with his boss.
He's gonna help us
keep the house.
Why would you do that?
After what I did.
It's just my way of saying sorry
to a mother.
[MAGGIE SIFF'S "LULLABY
FOR A SOLDIER" PLAYING]
Thank you.
[CRYING]
♪ May your dreams
Bring you peace ♪
♪ In the darkness ♪
♪ May the wind ♪
♪ Rise over me ♪
♪ May the light from above ♪
♪ Always lead you to love ♪
♪ May you stay in the arm ♪
♪ Of the angel ♪
♪ May you always be brave ♪
♪ In the shadows ♪
♪ Till the sun shines ♪
♪ Upon you again ♪
♪ Hear this prayer
In my heart ♪
♪ And we'll ne'er be apart ♪
♪ May you stay in the arms ♪
♪ Of the angels ♪
♪ May you hear every song ♪
♪ In the forest ♪
♪ And if ever ♪
♪ You lose your own way ♪
♪ Hear my voice
Like a breeze ♪
♪ Whisper soft
Through the trees ♪
♪ May you stay in the arms ♪
♪ Of the angels ♪
♪ May you grow up to stand ♪
♪ As a man, love ♪
♪ With the pride
Of your family and name ♪
♪ When you lay down
Your head ♪
♪ For to rest in your bed ♪
♪ May you stay in the arm ♪
♪ Of the angel ♪
[♪♪♪]